Added the data mode part to IP allow list (#3797)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/security/ip-allow-list.md

   ![Create IP allow list](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/create-ip-allow-list.png)

1. **Enter your trusted IP addresses**

   The number of IP addresses that you can include in one list depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans]. 

   ![Add IP addresses to allow list](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-ip-addresses-to-allow-list.png)

1. **Name your allow list and click `Create IP Allow List`**

   Click `+ Create IP Allow List` to create another list. The number of IP allow lists you can create depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans].

1. **Select a $SERVICE_LONG, then click `Operations` > `Security` > `IP Allow List`**

   ![Attach IP allow list](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/attach-ip-allow-list.png)

1. **Select the list in the drop-down and click `Apply`** 

1. **Type `Apply` in the confirmation popup**

</Procedure>

You have created and attached an IP allow list for the operations available in the ops mode. You can unattach or change the list attached to a $SERVICE_SHORT from the same tab. 

## Create an IP allow list in the data mode

You create an IP allow list in the data mode settings.

<Procedure>

> 1. **In [$CONSOLE][console], toggle on the data mode**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **In [$CONSOLE][console], toggle  `Data`**
```

> 1. **Click on the project name in the upper left corner and select `Settings`** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Click the project name in the upper left corner, then select `Settings`** 
```

> 1. **Scroll down and toggle on `IP Allowlist`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Scroll down and toggle `IP Allowlist`**
```

1. **Add IP addresses**

   1. Click `Add entry`.
   1. Enter an IP address or a range of IP addresses.
   1. Click `Add`. 
   1. When all the IP addresses have been added, click `Apply`.  

>    1. Click to confirm.

Reviewer: Click what?
